  my phone number is 17302261341


<p>Many times I picked up my mobile phone and saw 13:41,  the homophony of this number combination has a beautiful meaning in China, life is you, my mobile phone tail number is also 
  1341, really coincidental</p>
<p>Last night's chat was very pleasant, I slept around twelve, woke up on time at seven o'clock in the morning, and then got up and drank a little porridge from last 
  night, this feeling is really good, sober to start the day's life, I don't know why I woke up very sleepy in the morning some time ago, and always slept late, it
  may be that I gave myself a strong psychological hint: I need to get up early tomorrow, or it may be because I rested for a while, and the state was better. I hope
  that this state of life can continue, and this state of life will be of great benefit to my future study and life.</p>
<p>Today the work is still very easy, there is nothing to do, it is almost two o'clock in the afternoon, I will copy some poems in my free time, I will put two here:</p>
<p>花非花   author：白居易</p>
<p>花非花，雾非雾。夜半来，天明去。来如春梦几多时？去似朝云无觅处。</p>
<p>The other one is a pre-Qin folk song, the name is Qingyun song, I will take a paragraph to show you:</p>
<p>卿云烂兮，纠缦缦兮。</p>
<p>日月光华，旦复旦兮。</p>
<p>明明上天，烂然星陈。</p>
<p>日月光华，弘于一人。</p>
<p>Very beautiful poetry, I also took the name of my future child in the poem, Xing Chen, I understand it means the stars scattered in the sky, very romantic. 
  But I don't mean anything else, I thought about this question for a long time, if I don't think about it in advance, won't it be very hasty after the birth of 
  the child, and I don't want relatives and friends (not immediate relatives) to name it, because generally they give names that are very clichéd</p>
<p>When I went to work in the morning, I bought some square udon noodles, porridge packets, pasta and pasta sauce from Pinduoduo, and bought two kinds of sauce, 
  tomato pasta sauce and creamy mushroom noodles, originally I wanted to buy black pepper flavored sauce, but one pack is too much, and it is also a little expensive,
  buy it next time.</p>
<p>Do you have some favorite poems? Can you show me? </p>
